###Estimation
* I think it will take me 1-2 hours to complete this new feature.
* I think I will need to create an entirely new class for this view and then tweak probably the FactoryController and ControllerTurtle classes to take on this new addition.  This is because I will need the ControllerTurtle class to get information about the current turtles and the way my partner set up this class, it takes in the views related to it, so it will have to take in my new view in order to manipulate it.  The FactoryController will also need to be modified because its pretty hard-coded right now since we ran out of time to get reflection working for it since at the time, we didn't quite understand how to make reflection work when subclasses took in different parameters in their constructors.

###Review
* It did take me around 2 hours to complete this new feature.  
* I did end up having to update the three files I mentioned, in addition to an enum file for ViewType.  I needed to add and update all of the files above for the reasons detailed above.
* I mostly figured it out but didn't exactly get it right on the first time, since I had to play around with the file chooser part for a while.  This was due to the fact that my partner mostly worked on Turtle preference details during SLogo, and I was not familiar with how her resource files worked and where she was getting the images to choose from, and I wasn't super familiar with combo-boxes and didn't understand how to use her GUI factory object, so had to work from scratch.

###Analysis
* For me, the easiest part was figuring out how to create the new View class for this particular images view which I think reveals that our View class was pretty extensible, and I remember it being so, as I implemented a lot of different views in the last project.  As far as having to work with ControllerTurtle, which was something I did not touch before, I do remember the code being pretty messy, so that was as bad as I remembered.
* Something that I think can be improved is adherence to an MVC framework.  This ControllerTurtle class is dubbed a controller, and yet it contains elements of both view, model, and controller in one, which is incredibly messy and creates a lot of dependencies.  Stricter separation of model, view, and controller, would have limited the amount of modifying of existing classes I needed to touch since there would have been less coupling in the code.  This would allow us to keep classes closed. 
* I already wasn't familiar with some of the code, since I didn't do a lot of work directly related to turtles, and that was already a little difficult to navigate.  I feel confident, though that it would not have been so difficult to implement a new View subclass for this extension had I not been familiar with it, as there were only a few things to implement as far as what GUI elements go on the view, which you had a lot of liberty in implementing, so there weren't many confusing pre-existing constraints.  One thing I think I could have done a better job of is making some more methods in the View class abstract to ensure that the user implements them, like this initialization of GUI elements to fill the view's pane. 
